Don't hide on the first day of junior high school
Sister sees you
Attention
Sister will come to you again.
Hey
Ergou, you made me miserable today
You, you made me miserable
I'm telling you, it's not over
Do you want five catties of soju and ten roast chickens?
I'm telling you, I'm not done with you.
Did I eat you?
There's no fucking roast chicken yet
I'll tell you what.
I'm going to find my grandfather now
Just wait.
Hey, hey, don't go, don't go, Li shi is jealous
Yimian
Yili
July first
Grandpa grandpa
What happened to the princess in a panic?
Then Li Erbao is not a thief at all
He has long been with that little army in our village
You also said that he is yang
Almost killed me
Didn't you come back alive?
just right
See if the clothes I prepared for you fit